feat(curriculum): forum leaderboard project (#50241)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/2022/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/index.md

---

> title: Introduction to the learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Introduction to the Learn Asynchronous Programming by Building an fCC Forum Leaderboard
```

Reviewer: You will also need to change the folder name

> block: learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
block: learn-asynchronous-programming-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard
```

superBlock: JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures
isBeta: true
---

> ## Introduction to the learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction to the Learn Asynchronous Programming by Building an fCC Forum Leaderboard
```
